README.md, before:

# Kerosine

![Animation of someone (Maurice, from The IT Crowd) using a computer while their desk is on fire](kerosine.gif)

🦀 Hello, and welcome to Kerosine!

This project is my first time trying to build some neural networks in Rust, using Hugging Face's [Candle library](https://github.com/huggingface/candle). I can't quite claim I know what I'm doing, so watch out for fire and let me know if anything is burning.

## Using It

As of now, Candle doesn't support the latest version of Cuda, 12.6, so we need to clone Candle and modify its Cargo.toml. This is true for both Linux and macOS, even though Macs don't use Nvidia chips, because Cargo wants the same path for modules that have the same name. So it goes.

Making the modification is a sed one-liner that tells Candle to use the latest version of [cudarc](https://crates.io/crates/cudarc).

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/jmsdnns/kerosine
$ git clone https://github.com/huggingface/candle
$ sed -i 's/cudarc = { version = "0.12.0"/cudarc = { version = "0.12.1"/' candle/Cargo.toml
```

Commit message:

Updated README to add awareness of cpunks-10k

README.md, after:

# Kerosine

![Animation of someone (Maurice, from The IT Crowd) using a computer while their desk is on fire](kerosine.gif)

🦀 Hello, and welcome to Kerosine!

This project is my first time trying to build some neural networks in Rust. To keep things simple, the plan is to port over some of the NNs in my [Pallets](https://github.com/jmsdnns/pallets) project. That project depends on the [cpunks-10k dataset](https://github.com/tnn1t1s/cpunks-10k) collected by [@tnn1t1s](https://github.com/tnn1t1s), so this one does too. Kerosine is built with a minimal ML framework from 🤗Hugging Face, called [Candle](https://github.com/huggingface/candle).

I can't claim I know what I'm doing yet, so watch out for fire and let me know if anyone or anything is burning.

## Using It

Kerosine tries to avoid making assumptions, but one assumption it has is that the kerosine repo is in the same directory as cpunks-10k.

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/jmsdnns/kerosine
$ git clone https://github.com/tnn1t1s/cpunks-10k
```

🙃 There is no functioning algorithm here yet, btw... Soon!

### Cuda 12.6

As of now, Candle doesn't support the latest version of Cuda, 12.6, so we need to clone Candle and modify its Cargo.toml. This is true for both Linux and macOS, even though Macs don't use Nvidia chips, because Cargo wants the same path for modules that have the same name. So it goes.

Making the modification is a sed one-liner that tells Candle to use the latest version of [cudarc](https://crates.io/crates/cudarc).

```shell
$ git clone https://github.com/jmsdnns/kerosine
$ git clone https://github.com/tnn1t1s/cpunks-10k
$ git clone https://github.com/huggingface/candle
$ sed -i 's/cudarc = { version = "0.12.0"/cudarc = { version = "0.12.1"/' candle/Cargo.toml
```
